# Date: 03/03

## Python continues:
### Module
Using other .py file as a module ==> import the entire file as some abbv or we can bring the whole thing using *.   
ex: if we need ALL methods/class/etc in the file ==> from file import * OR import file  
  * con: importing all would actually interprete the file so if there's a used function outside main, it will be ran as well.  

<br>

### Filter
Filter: 두번째 인자로 주어진 iterable에서 조건에 맞지 않는 항목 제거  
ex: 리스트에서 제거 할 항목을 기능으로 만들어 사용.  
  * list1 = [10,25,30,46,50]  
  * if we only want the elts that are base 10:  
    * list2 = list(filter(lambda x: x%10 == 0, list1))  
    * lambda exp portion can be replaced with a function that checks id a number is divisible by 10.   

### Map:
Map: when we need to apply the same func/method, we can use map to do so.  
ex: if we need to multiply all elements of a list by 10:
  * list1 = [1, 2, 3]
  * result = list(map(lambda x: x*10, list1)) ==> [10,20,30]  

### Reduce:
TO USE REDUCE YOU HAVE TO IMPORT IT FROM FUNCTOOLS!!  
Python’s reduce() is a function that implements a mathematical technique called folding or reduction. reduce() is useful when you need to apply a function to an iterable and reduce it to a single cumulative value.  
  * https://realpython.com/python-reduce-function/   
  
we can use reduce in this form:  
  * reduce(Aggregation_function/method, iterable_data(ex: list), initial_value)  

ex: finding sum of all elts in list:   
  * list1 = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7]  
  * reduce(lambda total, x: total+x, list1, 0) == > 28!  

### Random
Simply that of Java. It can be used to generate randome numbers.  
random.random() generates a random real number between [0~1) (0 is included while 1 is not)   ]  

if we want a random number between two numbers a and b:  
  * we can use uniform to do so:
  * uniform(4,6) ==> randomly generates a real number between 4 and 6
  * uniform is inclusive  
               
Choice: randomly picks an index in a list.  


### OS module:
python has a module called os which can bring os in the python workspace.  
if od is window, os.name will show "nt" as its values it is because windows have benn called that way during 98 era for many reasons.  


## Project01 Presentation
