# Date: 02/26  

## Python continues..
function's recylability ==> make one function, use it milion times!  
basic def of recursive func ==> could possibly used as other options for iteration.  
python functions can actually pass mutiple values as return ==> very usefull in some situations.  

### var ... args from java in Python:
*args ==> makes the func to take multiple(not bound to a specific amount) variable  
      * ==> gotta be careful when we go with *args since the values are taken as a tuple, so we better not make the parameters as a list or a tuple.(Since it is already a tuple)

### setting default parameter in def in python:
when you define default parameters for a function, than you must make sure that the follow up parameters must also be parameters with default value.  
ex: def function(a, b, c = ??, dd = ??) ==> works!!  
    def function(a, b=10, c, d) ==> DOES NOT work!!  
    
### assigning multiple valus
ex from calss:
def getInfo():
    return "hong", "gildong", 33
id, name, age = getInfo()
print(id, name, age)

## call back methiod  
that of Javascript. However used in a different way. when the function is given as a parameter to a different function, then a function can either uses the inputed func as a callback, or make a var using the function. To just activate the inputed func, we can use try-except or if-else to make sure the given parameter is a function or not.

## Lambda expression in Python:  
* it is basically anonymous function.  
* usually in a form of:  
     * lambda PARAMETER : HANDLER  
     * ex: finding max betweem int1 and int2:  
          * (lambda x, y : x if x>y else y)(int1, int2)  
## Python's class and instances  
Python's instances are similar to that of dictionaries.  
dict     :     instance  
key      :     field, proepertiea - global variables, noun-like  
value    :     value  
functions(X) : methods (멤버 함수) - functions, verb-like  

dictionary ==> uses [] to control variables inside  
instance ==> uses . to  control variables inside  

### python 클래스의 기본 형태:  
class 클래스명:  
    생성자 메소드 ==> 생성자 메소드에는 반드시 self 매개변수가 선언 되어야 한다. self는 자바의 this 와 같다.  
    멤버 메소드  
    멤버 필드  
    
### python's inheritance:  
to get inheritted, you just need to put the class you want to inherit int the ().  
     * ex: Washer <=== LGwasher:  
          * class LGwasher(Washer)  
to use the super classes' methods, do it as you would do in Java    

